README.md, before:

Babylogger
==========

A Go HTTP logger middleware, for babies.

![Example image of Babylogger doing its logging](https://i.imgur.com/VGg7Wl6.png "Babylogger doing its logging")

We’ve used it with [Goji][goji] and the Go standard library, but it should work
with any multiplexer worth its salt. And by that we mean any multiplexer
compatible with the standard library.

Note that when running in non-terminal situations ANSI escape sequences (read:
colors) will be stripped from the output.

Also note that for accurate logging Babylogger should be the first middleware
called.


### What about Windows?

We don't use Windows, but adding Windows support should be trivial enough with
the help of a couple packages from [mattn][mattn]. If that's something you would
like, submit an issue or pull request.


## Examples

### Standard Library

```go
package main

import (
    "fmt"
    "net/http"
    "github.com/meowgorithm/babylogger"
)

func main() {
    http.Handle("/", babylogger.Middleware(http.HandlerFunc(handler)))
    http.ListenAndServe(":8000", nil)
}

handler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
    fmt.FPrintln(w, "Oh, hi, I didn’t see you there.")
}
```

### Goji

```go

import (
    "fmt"
    "net/http"
    "github.com/meowgorithm/babylogger"
    "goji.io"
    "goji.io/pat"
)

func main() {
    mux := goji.NewMux()
    mux.Use(babylogger.Middleware)
    mux.HandleFunc(pat.Get("/"), handler)
    http.ListenAndServe(":8000", mux)
}

handler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
    fmt.FPrintln(w, "Oh, hi, I didn’t see you there.")
}
```


## License

MIT

[goji]: http://goji.io
[mattn]: https://github.com/mattn

Commit message:

One more small note about colors in Windows

README.md, after:

Babylogger
==========

A Go HTTP logger middleware, for babies.

![Example image of Babylogger doing its logging](https://i.imgur.com/VGg7Wl6.png "Babylogger doing its logging")

We’ve used it with [Goji][goji] and the Go standard library, but it should work
with any multiplexer worth its salt. And by that we mean any multiplexer
compatible with the standard library.

Note that when running in non-terminal situations ANSI escape sequences (read:
colors) will be stripped from the output.

Also note that for accurate logging Babylogger should be the first middleware
called.


### What about Windows?

We don't use Windows, but adding Windows support should be trivial enough with
the help of a couple packages from [mattn][mattn] (see [this comment][windows]
in the source). If that's something you'd like, submit a pull request.


## Examples

### Standard Library

```go
package main

import (
    "fmt"
    "net/http"
    "github.com/meowgorithm/babylogger"
)

func main() {
    http.Handle("/", babylogger.Middleware(http.HandlerFunc(handler)))
    http.ListenAndServe(":8000", nil)
}

handler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
    fmt.FPrintln(w, "Oh, hi, I didn’t see you there.")
}
```

### Goji

```go

import (
    "fmt"
    "net/http"
    "github.com/meowgorithm/babylogger"
    "goji.io"
    "goji.io/pat"
)

func main() {
    mux := goji.NewMux()
    mux.Use(babylogger.Middleware)
    mux.HandleFunc(pat.Get("/"), handler)
    http.ListenAndServe(":8000", mux)
}

handler(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
    fmt.FPrintln(w, "Oh, hi, I didn’t see you there.")
}
```


## License

MIT

[goji]: http://goji.io
[mattn]: https://github.com/mattn
[windows]: https://github.com/meowgorithm/babylogger/blob/master/babylogger.go#L45
